the amount of money that has recently
entered the mining industry especially
the junior mining sector has been
staggering this was one of the main
topics of conversation at this week's
PDAC in Toronto we decide to ask some of
the experts there whether this was a
sign of a market top so Brett you were
saying that you're finding something
shocking this year at the fee DAC this
this PETA is reminding me a lot of 1997
and there's just so much money flooding
into this sector right now I mean last
year alone 5.3 billion dollars right on
the bit on the venture exchange the
money is just flooding in and quite
honestly there's not enough quality
projects and companies to absorb that so
a lot of money is going into substandard
projects and companies so that's kind of
what's really striking I don't know how
much longer this can go it's probably
not going to end well well I'm not
shocked at all Daniella every investment
cycle has his top and his bottom and
it's obvious we're not at the bottom and
I so the question is that we're close to
the top well if you see people rushing
in a number of people rushing in the
number of new players coming in it looks
frothy it's difficult to quantify but
certainly if you look at what we've seen
in Mexico this there's something like
almost 400 gold strokes silver projects
that we looked at and that's there's
probably more in in that country than
any country in the world at the moment
and a lot of that is through junior
companies and of course they are funded
by the market so yes I would say judging
by the level activity in Mexico there is
there's still a lot of money going into
the junior sector is there a danger
there does that mean that's a sign of a
top well it could be but I think what
and this PDAC conference is being so
busy and people saying is this the top
twenty seven thousand people here
it's difficult to say what we are seeing
a lot of new people coming into this
industry now sometimes in the parties or
maybe this is a sign of the top but i
think this there's some serious new
money coming and some serious new
players coming into the precious metal
markets put all your money in junior
miners is a risky is a risky proposition
because they they created in 2008 and if
we get a pullback of a couple under all
is and that's not part that's not
impossible they're going to create her
again the junior mining sector is the
growth area that's where the discoveries
are and the seniors coming out of the
the trough of 2008 had an advantage they
were in production and the prices were
going up so their Treasury started
filling the juniors on the other hand
had dropped really hard and didn't have
access to that capital they were
exploring and now the seniors are
looking where do we get our growth and
the juniors which most people well a lot
of people think of risky to me the
environment we're going into is going to
be inflationary and what is considered
risky is really going to be conservative
it's going to be what is going to
protect your assets for Kiko news i'm
daniela company send us your comments
and questions and news feedback akiko
calm